Integrating Solution10\Auth isn't hard, but it's not a plug-and-play experience.

Don't worry, we'll guide you through it.

## How Auth integrates

Auth is able to fit so nicely in any other framework due to it's use of Delegates.

A Delegate is a class that another class calls upon to do a task that it doesn't know
how to perform. You could say it delegates a piece of work to another object and then
just handles the result.

To get Auth working correctly, you'll need to implement at least one delegate, and
perhaps two.

## Solution10\Auth\SessionDelegate

The SessionDelegate is responsible for storing "Session" information. This is info that
should persist between page views, but does not require permanent storage. It holds state.

99% of the time in PHP, we use the $_SESSION superglobal to handle this duty. If you're ok
with this, you're in luck! Auth comes with a $_SESSION wrapper already and you can skip
this section!

If you don't want to use $_SESSION directly (or at all), keep reading.

We're going to use the provided $_SESSION wrapper as an example. Open up
src/Solution10/Auth/Driver/Session.php

The first thing to notice is that this implements SessionDelegate

```php
class Session implements SessionDelegate
```

Your SessionDelegate will need to do the same, otherwise you'll get fatal errors.

We then have to implement three functions to handle the various state operations:

```php
public function authRead($instance_name);
public function authWrite($instance_name, $auth_data);
public function authDelete($instance_name);
```

These are self-explanatory; reading, writing and deleting from the Session store.

You'll be asked to write the users ID into this storage, so make sure your Delegate's
data store can handle that.

You're probably wondering about that $instance_name variable right? Solution10\Auth
allows you to have multiple, totally different authentication systems running in parallel
with each other, so when reading/writing data, you need to know the name of the instance
that's asked for this operation. To learn more about the multiple instances, [read these
docs](Instances).

## Solution10\Auth\StorageDelegate

The storage delegate handles the loading and saving of User data. Your data store could be
anything, a database, flat files, a REST service, whatever; as long as you implement this
Delegate correctly, Auth will work.

Auth does not provide a StorageDelegate out of the box. The reason is simple; I don't know
your system, nor do I want to impose on your application design. I'll let you handle this bit.

I'm not going to go into every function on the storage delegate, as the
[DocBlocks on the Class itself](https://github.com/Solution10/auth/blob/master/src/Solution10/Auth/StorageDelegate.php)
are there to explain what is expected of each function. I will broadly explain what they're used for
though.

### Fetching functions

```php
public function authFetchUserByUsername($instance_name, $username);
public function authFetchUserRepresentation($instance_name, $user_id);
```

These two are used to pull User information from database.

The first (authFetchUserByUsername) is used at login and should simply be a keyed array. The second
is used in the user() function to return the full user object of the currently logged in
session.

### Package functions

```php
public function authAddPackageToUser($instance_name, UserRepresentation $user, Package $package);
public function authRemovePackageFromUser($instance_name, UserRepresentation $user, Package $package);
public function authFetchPackagesForUser($instance_name, UserRepresentation $user);
public function authUserHasPackage($instance_name, UserRepresentation $user, Package $package);
```

These functions, unsurprisingly, involve the management of packages.

As a guideline, you should store the name of the package into the data-store rather than
serializing and storing the object. Then in `authFetchPackagesForUser` you would re-construct based on those
class names.

### Override functions

```php
public function authOverridePermissionForUser($instance_name, UserRepresentation $user, $permission, $new_value);
public function authFetchOverridesForUser($instance_name, UserRepresentation $user);
public function authResetOverridesForUser($instance_name, UserRepresentation $user);
```

These functions deal with Overrides of permissions. $permission will be a string denoting the permission
in the packages to override and $new_value will be a boolean.

More can be read about Overrides in the [Permissions docs](Permissions).

### A suggested Database Schema

Whilst you are of course totally free to use whatever schema, database or data-store you wish
to integrate Auth, to help those who want to use a relational database, here's a quick schema that works nicely:

**Users table**

| Field     | Type          | Notes |
|-----------|---------------|-------|
| id        | uint          | autoincrement primary-key|
| username  | string(128)   | |
| password  | string(60)    | |

**User Packages Table**

| Field     | Type          | Notes |
|-----------|---------------|-------|
| id        | unit          | autoincrement primary-key |
| user_id   | unit          | foreign-key(users.id)     |
| package   | string(255)   | |

**User Overrides Table**

| Field         | Type          | Notes |
|---------------|---------------|-------|
| id            | unit          | autoincrement primary-key |
| user_id       | unit          | foreign-key(users.id)     |
| permission    | string(255)   | |
| value         | tinyint(1)    | |

This schema will allow you to store everything and fetch it relatively easily.

(Indexes should be added to user_id in the two places it's a foreign to improve speed).

## UserRepresentation

Your StorageDelegate will need to return the User objects that your app wants to work with.

This might be an instance of your User model if you're using an ActiveRecord ORM, or some sort of lib class.
Solution10\Auth truly doesn't care, all we ask is that you return classes that implement
Solution10\Auth\UserRepresentation.

It's dead easy, it's just the one function:

```php
public function id();
```

The return can be an int, a string, a blob, whatever your app uses. This ID will be passed
around to identify users, so make sure your StorageDelegate would understand it, and that your
SessionDelegate can write it into it's data store.

## Bringing it all together

So you've now written a fantastic SessionDelegate and a spectacular StorageDelegate that returns beautiful
UserRepresentation implementers. How do you get Auth to use them?

Dead simple, pass them in the constructor when you fire up an instance:

```php
$session = new FantasticSessionDelegate();
$storage = new SpectacularStorageDelegate();

$auth = new Auth('my-fancy-auth', $session, $storage);
```

And that, as they say, is that.
